Time to take a look at some other sources that we can connect Power BI service to.
So I am back in the workspace and in the app workspace to be more precise
but first I want to change back to my personal workspace. To do this, I simply go right here and click my workspace.
Now we are back in our personal workspace again and if we go to getData down here, like this, then we can
see that we talked about some of those data connection possibilities.
We talked about the file connection, our local Power BI desktop file,
we didn't talk about the connection to databases but this you can see later when Maximilian will explain
to you how this works
and what about this content pack libraries over here?
I think we did have a look at one of these, didn't we? So we have my organization and services.
Let's click onto the get symbol in my organization first and see what we got there.
So let's click here
and as you can see, we can find our test-collab app, so the app that we created from our app workspace
in this content pack library of our organization.
So if we click onto get it now right here, like this, then we're back in our app folder and if we click
the app again of course, then we can open the app.
We try that before so we know how this works.
However let's go back to get data then, like this.
So we have that content pack library for our organization where we saw our app that we just created
but what about the content pack library in the services area right here?
So it says that we can choose content packs from online services that you use,
well let's press again and see what this is.
Now as you can see, we are basically in the same menu but not in the my organization segment right, here
we can find the app but in the app segment right there
and in the segment, you can find various pre-defined datasets with some pre-defined visualizations.
So you basically can connect Power BI service to different other services
and those are quite a lot.
Let's maybe scroll through it just to make sure that you get an overview of the amount of services of
this pre-defined services that you can connect Power BI service to.
So if you scroll through that page, you can see that you have a huge amount of pre-defined services that
you can select right here
and we cannot cover all of the services of course now in this course.
So I would like to show you one specific service that we can easily install right now and take a look
at the visualization that it comes with.
So let me first finish that scrolling, so just for you to make sure that you saw everything, so it's
the end and we can go to the next page and we have even more,
so if I scroll up again.
So as you can see various various pre-defined sources,
now let's go back to the first page and select one specific service.
As I said, I would like to show you one service as part of this video.
So the service I'm referring to is Bing and at the moment, I'm not finding it, here it is.
So here we can see that we have some on-demand analytics of Internet search activity,
well if we click that, then you can already see what this will look like.
So basically, well let me just show you what you get.
So if I click onto get it now right here, like this, then we can see that we can now track specific
search terms and see how many times they were requested in Bing.
So if I enter for instance Power BI right here because this might be interesting also to you to see
how interesting the Power BI tools universe actually is and click onto add right now,
right there, then you can see that we have an additional dashboard now, right here
and if I open the workspace right there, then you can see that we also have the dashboard here of course,
you know how this menu works in the meanwhile.
But if we scroll down, then you can see that we don't have the actual dataset in here,
so what we get is a connection to the data of course so that the visuals can be displayed but we don't
see the actual data behind that dashboard.
So we only have the dashboard with the pre-defined visualizations but we don't have the report or the
dataset,
however we can access that dashboard right now by simply clicking right here
and now we can see the search activity of the term Power BI in the last week
and you can see the total volume of that search term right there
and if we scroll down, you can see the top locations where the search requests were made from
and if you scroll to the right right here, like this,
well then you can see some topics about Power BI premium.
We talked about that in the first two videos of this module
and if we scroll up, we can additionally see the top languages and the volume change,
so an increased demand obviously as we can see right there.
So this is also something that we can do, we can connect Power BI service to those pre-defined content
packs.
So this was the last source type that I wanted to show you,
as I said we will talk about databases later but for the moment, this is actually the overview of Power BI
service.
Now we always talked about Power BI service,
so a solution that you can only access using a computer.
What if you want to access your data with the mobile phone?
You can of course also do that and we will see how this works with Power BI Mobile in the next video.